Han Chuan
Mom has something to tell you
What's the matter? Take advantage of the disappointment
Hurry up and get divorced
Mom helped you make an appointment to meet the daughter of the Song family
Song family daughter
Song Yawei is right
Isn't he an orphan?
How did you become the daughter of the Song Group?
In order to be worthy of your recognition, dear.
His adoptive parents treated him like a daughter
Not interested
I have to go if I'm not interested
Cafe together tomorrow at 3pm
Don't be late
Long time no see Han Chuan
I thought we would never meet again
Maybe our fate is not over
I think you haven't made enough money yet
How come?
I am now adopted by the Song family
Now I have no shortage of money at all